Font size banquet hall
Tianzihao Banquet Hall?
That's the whole of Yuncheng
The hotel ballroom with the highest rules?
In Yuncheng
Only the top few are eligible to use it.
Yeah and ah
This sky-shaped banquet hall has been established since its establishment until now
I heard that it has not been used more than 5 times.
VIP status for each service
At least 10% of the governor's level
Ouch.
I didn't expect Lin Shao, your energy is so great
Hahaha, my father happens to be one of the top floors in Yuncheng.
That's why I have this opportunity today
Haha, is that true?
I have packed the whole
One week at Tiangong Hotel
Then you just enjoy the bag to the fullest
Pack the entire Tiangong Hotel for a week
That's going to cost hundreds of millions.
Feng, this is a trifle, haha.
My dad is really willing
I don't usually see him hurting my son
He still attaches great importance to marriage
Mr. Lin, this is too expensive.
Why don't you return it?
Think again about the engagement
Ah no drink no drink
That's it, as long as it costs you
No matter how expensive it is, I am willing to
Haha oops
Qingxue, don't be stupid
Our Qingxue can be liked by Mr. Lin
That's the smoke from our Liu family ancestral grave
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
Today you sit down and get engaged
Don't go anywhere
Miss Liu and a few others please come with me
Go well hahaha
Miss Liu, this is our Tianzi Ballroom
Someone is already waiting inside
Why must it be my father
Humph
Dad, here we come
Why don't I remember you as a son?